(Yuma)
Last time on
"YuGiOh Zexal"'
(Orbital 7)
One photon mile
to lunar t-t-touchdown.
Act-activate propulsion
mode!
What is that thing?
(Kite) Mizar.
About time.
Girag and Alito
are no more, Yuma.
And I have their powers.
But they won't be lonely.
They'll be with Dumon
and Marin.
(Yuma) No way!
Next I'll crush you, Astral
and the rest of the Emperors
and then the Numeron Code
will be mine!
This duel has been a
long time in the making.
It has brought our two
Galaxy-Eyes together.
Their union will
also act as a key.
A key to unlocking
the Numeron Code.
Let us duel!
Let's duel!
♪
♪Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪All of my fears are
gone erased ♪
♪Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪Our dreams will be ♪
♪Halfway to ♪
♪Forever ♪
♪Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪Do all that we can do ♪
♪Halfway to ♪
♪Forever ♪
♪We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪Keep breathing ♪
♪Believing ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪♪
(both) Let's duel!
All right, Mizar.
Let's find out which one of us
is the true Galaxy-Eyes master!
I'll lead off by summoning
Photon Thrasher.
I'm also summoning
Overlay Booster.
I can do that since I
already have a monster
with more than 2000
attack points.
And now, I'll tribute them
to bring out the real reason
we're here.
Here comes the monster
more savage than a supernova.
With the cataclysmic force
of 10 black holes put together.
A cosmic scourge that vaporizes
anything in its path.
Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
Magnificent.
I place one card facedown.
It's your turn, Mizar.
You truly are my most
worthy adversary, Kite.
All the same, I must
annihilate you!
There is far too much at stake
for me to hold back because
there may only be
one Galaxy-Eyes master
and that honor will go to me!
This would be an excellent
time to begin to tremble,
because my next move will
pave the way for your defeat.
I activate Rank-Up Magic,
The Seventh One!
Here it comes.
Appear in all your fearsome
terror, Number 107...
Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
Impressive as ever!
Yes, but what makes it
even more formidable
is that Rank-Up Magic,
The Seventh One
ranks up Galaxy-Eyes
into a Chaos Number.
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Face the multiverse and ignite
new life into my great beast.
Come forth Chaos Number 107...
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
(Kite)
Taking down his
Galaxy-Eyes won't be easy.
That dragon is every duelist's
worst nightmare.
Luckily, I have
the one card that will give me
the best chance at beating it...
Galaxy Shockwave.
I activate Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon's
special ability!
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
not only does it negate all
your cards' effects,
but it transcends time
and returns all your cards
to the way they were at the
beginning of the turn.
Its special ability also
prevents you from activating
any cards on your field
without my permission.
So you had better be nice to me
because I call the shots now.
For instance, I bet you
were planning to use
your facedown card against me,
but I just made that impossible!
That's a minor setback.
I still plan on
walking away the winner.
Then perhaps a major setback
will bring you back to reality.
Neo Tachyon, take out
Kite's Photon Dragon!
This means it's the perfect time
to activate Galaxy Tyranno's
special ability.
I can use Galaxy-Eyes Photon
Dragon and Galaxy Tyranno
to Xyz Summon and Galaxy
Tyranno counts as two monsters.
You're Xyz Summoning
while under attack?
You don't have
the guts to pull this off
because unlike you I'm always
thinking 20 steps ahead.
Now try to keep up.
I'm taking this duel
to the next level.
I'm overlaying
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon
and my two Tyrannos.
With these three monsters, I
build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon.
Prepare to witness
the mightiest of monsters.
With the power of this beast,
the battle is over!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon.
Well done, Kite.
Now our two Galaxy-Eyes can
battle claw to claw.
That's right.
But only one can win.
And it's going to
be my Dragon.
(Orbital 7)
That-that's the spirit!
It's my fault.
I failed them all, Astral.
I thought I could help them.
They were Barians, but
they were my friends.
I couldn't protect
Alito or even Girag.
The same with Marin and Dumon.
When it was all on the line,
I couldn't do a thing
to save anyone!
Vector and Don Thousand
took them all.
Nothing I've done so
far has made any difference.
What is that?
Do not be discouraged.
You still may have a chance to
make a difference Yuma.
Look at the moon.
Something is happening there.
Hey, what's up with those
two shiny lights?
I know.
It is two
Galaxy-Eyes.
They are battling on
the lunar surface.
It's got to be Kite!
We are at in interesting
crossroads, Mizar.
My Dragon can't use any
special abilities this turn.
But it can't be
destroyed in battle.
Since both our Dragons have the
same number of attack points,
you'd be foolish to attack me.
That may be how your
narrow human mind sees it,
but I do not agree.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon, attack!
Take aim with Ultimate Tachyon
Spiral of Destruction!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes,
strike back and show us all
that you're the one,
true Galaxy-Eyes.
I would never allow you
to destroy my Galaxy-Eyes.
What?
I activate Galaxy Shockwave!
This spell boosts the attack
power of my Galaxy-Eyes
by 1500 points.
And there is more
bad news for you.
Galaxy Shockwave also cancels
your Photon Dragon's
special abilities,
so it can now be
destroyed in battle again.
Now that your Galaxy-Eyes
has been destroyed,
the duel is mine!
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite,
please let me help you.
Get real.
I am.
It-it's what you
designed me to do, sir.
You b-b-brought me online to
serve you exactly six years,
151 days, five-five hours
and 33 s-s-seconds ago.
Remember when you first
built me, you created me
for one purpose: to c-c-care
for your brother, Hart!
Thanks to you, I was
the most high-tech nanny
ever-ever assembled.
I loved every minute of my job,
even at its stinkiest moments.
When it came to
looking after Hart,
I-I never dropped the ball
or the baby.
And I really soared when
you b-b-became a Number Hunter.
I've always been there for
you, Master K-K-Kite,
no matter how
shocking the circumstances.
I do not need your help.
Sometimes your at-attitude
really makes my servos spin.
You need me more
than ever this time,
b-b-but you're too proud
to see it clearly.
In-In-In fact,
there's lots of things
you haven't been seeing
clearly lately.
Ever since you were injured
in that duel with Heartland,
your vision hasn't
b-b-been the same.
But even though your eyes
have got a glitch,
you-you don't
have to worry
'cause my optical circuits
are fully functional.
I-I can be your eyes!
All right, link me
into your visual systems.
C-c-commencing
ocular interface.
Data flow enabled.
Synching
neocor-cor-cortex inputs.
Visual linkup complete!
You-You're back to 20/20,
Master Kite!
Great, now don't bother
me for the rest of the duel.
I'll take that
as a "thank y-you."
Enough!
I have been more than patient.
It is your move, Kite.
(Kite)
Mizar played Galaxy Shockwave,
the same card I have.
It 's a safe guess that we" 're
dueling with similar decks.
This duel could go either way,
but I can't afford to lose.
Which means I'll have
to think outside the box.
And that means drawing on
the power of a legend
and hoping
there's truth to the tale.
This better pay off
'cause there's a lot
riding on my next move.
Only one way to find out.
By using the legends and
letting their power guide me.
(rumbling)
What is happening?
Here goes.
I draw!
I'll start with:
Galaxy Rebirth.
This spell lets me bring back a
Galaxy monster from my graveyard
by halving its attack points
and then Galaxy Rebirth
equips on to my monster.
Come on back,
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon.
Is that all you have got, Kite?
Your revived Photon Dragon is
far too weak to threaten me.
I know.
But Galaxy Rebirth
has another effect.
It's treated as a monster
with the same Level
as Galaxy Eyes Photon
Dragon when I Xyz Summon.
See, Mizar, I'm not attacking
you with my Photon Dragon,
I'm overlaying it
with Galaxy Rebirth.
With these two monsters, I
build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
This will change everything.
I'll bring into existence a
Dragon never seen before!
Now arise, Number 62...
Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon!
A new Galaxy-Eyes?
Impossible!
How can this be?
All the forces of the universe
gather at this moment in time!
How did you create
a new Galaxy-Eyes?
By trusting my hunch that
there was truth to the legend.
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon has
been reborn as a Number
and has taken a
terrifying new form:
Galaxy-Eyes Prime
Photon Dragon.
It looks like Kite and
Mizar are dueling for keeps.
And the winner gains the key
to the Numeron Code.
One of us will end this duel
as the true Galaxy-Eyes
master, Mizar.
I'm going to prove
once and for all it's me.
Let's get started,
Prime Photon Dragon.
Its special ability ranks up
all monsters on
the field by one.
What an odd strategy.
You do realize you have ranked
up my Neo Tachyon as well.
I know.
Prime Photon,
attack Neo Tachyon!
My Neo Tachyon is too strong.
Your Number will
lose this battle.
Don't count on that.
Prime Photon, activate
your special ability.
Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon
Dragon gains attack points equal
to the Rank of all the monsters
on the field multiplied by 200!
Prime Photon and Neo Tachyon
have a combined Rank of 19.
Multiply that by 200 and
that equals big trouble for you.
It is more powerful
than my Dragon now!
Attack with Eternity
Photon Stream!
(Orbital 7)
You-you did it,
Master K-K-Kite!
Ah, Mercury looks so romantic
from-from here.
It reminds me of Lillybot.
I wish I c-c-could've shown
her how heroic I was.
We make a great team,
don 't-don" 't we, Master Kite?
What's got you
going, Lillybot?
Lillybot felt it.
Huh...
What did you feel?
Love.
I sense my sweetie is engaged
in feats of derring-do!
I must see him in action.
What...
Your "sweetie"?
You won't be seeing anyone.
The systems are down, remember?
Yes, but love conquers
all, even tech support.
No way!
It booted up.
Is that Kite?
Kite!
Now what's he doing?
A duel in space?
Be careful.
You may have summoned
a new Number, Kite,
but as you will soon see, I
have some surprises of my own.
You will find this one
especially upsetting!
I activate Tachyon Chaos Hole!
When my Tachyon Dragon is
destroyed in battle,
this trap banishes all
the cards on your field.
My cards!
Your Prime Photon will now
return to the realm of legend!
I place one card facedown.
Your turn, Mizar.
(Yuma)
Without his new Number,
Kite doesn't stand a chance!
Oh no.
This is just terrible.
We will never unlock
the secret to the Numeron Code.
(Orbital 7)
You don't stand alone,
Master K-K-Kite.
I 'll-I" 'll be here
with you to the bitter end.
Yes but you have no idea just
how nasty it will be.
I begin my turn by
activating Tachyon Chaos Hole
from my graveyard!
Which means I can
summon an old ally.
I am sure you have been
missing its company.
Arise again, Chaos Number 107!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
(Orbital 7)
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tach-Tachyon Dragon!
Nothing to do but
hope for the best.
Yuma, perhaps we should
be more realistic.
Let us brace for the worst.
Without your Prime
Photon Dragon,
you are completely vulnerable.
Tachyon Dragon,
attack Kite directly!
Complete our victory!
We 're-we" 're
dragon fodder!
Take it easy.
This fight's not as done
as you think, Mizar.
I activate the trap
Double Dragon Descent.
This trap lets me summon a
Dragon-Type Xyz Monster
of my own
and I luckily I know
just the one to choose.
(Jinlon) Kite!
I must speak with Mizar.
Summon me to the field.
All right.
I'll do as you ask.
I summon Number 46...
Dragluon!
What...
Can it be?
Pardon me for
interrupting your duel.
Jinlon!
Open your mind to learn
the true secrets of your past,
my student.
This duel will unlock your
long forgotten memories.
It's time, Mizar.
Double Dragon Descent's
additional effect activates.
This trap increases
Dragluon's attack points
until it has the same amount
as your Tachyon Dragon.
Dragluon, attack
with Emerald Fire Strike!
(Jinlon)
In distant times, a dragon
dwelled in the lands of mankind.
You, Mizar, were my
closest friend,
until the day a false prophet's
lies changed everything.
Having fallen under
the sway of his guile,
the villagers forced us
to turn on each other.
Who was that prophet?
Recall the truth, Mizar.
(laughing)
Who are you?
I am Don Thousand.
For a long time, I have
had my eyes on you, Mizar.
You are a great warrior.
Your nobility and selflessness
has earned you a place
among the pantheon of heroes.
But that is exactly why I cannot
risk allowing you to oppose me.
Instead, I have
decided that you will serve me
as I carry out my plans
to rule the universe.
And so I will
revive you as a Barian!
Mizar, this is not who
you were meant to be.
Don Thousand has
twisted your fate.
He altered your memories in
order to further his plans.
Mizar, this duel is
your last chance
to set your soul
on the right path.
Can what he told me be true?
(Kite)
So that's what
really happened to Mizar.
It cannot be.
(Orbital 7)
Life support systems
cr-critical!
Damage at 70%!
Mizar!
Nonsense.
I almost believed
that old fool's lie.
The thought of nearly being
tricked sickens me.
Human foolishness
must be rubbing off on me.
Did you enjoy that?
A rare moment of doubt
unlikely to ever happen again.
It was true.
The only truth you should
concern yourself with
is that I activate my
spell Galaxy Rebirth!
I can bring back a Galaxy
monster from my graveyard
with half its attack points.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
Arise, my friend!
Every duel has a
beginning and an end.
This is yours!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon,
attack Kite directly.
You may experience an
excruciating burning sensation.
He's done for!
Kite...
No!
If you have any last words, now
would be a good time for them!
♪